OpenVINO docs update (#20731)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/integrations/openvino.md

| `fraction` | `float`          | `1.0`          | Specifies the fraction of the dataset to use for INT8 quantization calibration. Allows for calibrating on a subset of the full dataset, useful for experiments or when resources are limited. If not specified with INT8 enabled, the full dataset will be used. |

For more details about the export process, visit the [Ultralytics documentation page on exporting](../modes/export.md).

!!! warning

    OpenVINO™ is compatible with most Intel® processors but to ensure optimal performance:

    1. Verify OpenVINO™ support
        Check whether your Intel® chip is officially supported by OpenVINO™ using [Intel's compatibility list](https://docs.openvino.ai/2025/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino/system-requirements.html).

    2. Identify your accelerator
        Determine if your processor includes an integrated NPU (Neural Processing Unit) or GPU (integrated GPU) by consulting [Intel's hardware guide](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/articles/000097597/processors.html).

>     3. Install the correct drivers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Install the latest drivers
```

## Using OpenVINO Export in Deployment

Once your model is successfully exported to the OpenVINO format, you have two primary options for running inference:

1. Use the `ultralytics` package, which provides a high-level API and wraps the OpenVINO Runtime.

2. Use the native `openvino` package for more advanced or customized control over inference behavior.

### Inference with Ultralytics

The ultralytics package allows you to easily run inference using the exported OpenVINO model via the predict method. You can also specify the target device (e.g., `intel:gpu`, `intel:npu`, `intel:cpu`) using the device argument.

```python
from ultralytics import YOLO

# Load the exported OpenVINO model
ov_model = YOLO("yolo11n_openvino_model/")  # the path of your exported OpenVINO model
# Run inference with the exported model
ov_model.predict(device="intel:gpu")  # specify the device you want to run inference on
```

This approach is ideal for fast prototyping or deployment when you don't need full control over the inference pipeline.

### Inference with OpenVINO Runtime

> The openvino Runtime provides a unified API to inference across all supported Intel hardware. It also provides advanced capabilities like load balancing across Intel hardware and asynchronous execution. For more information on running the inference, refer to the [Inference with OpenVINO Runtime Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/openvino-workflow/running-inference.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The openvino Runtime provides a unified API to inference across all supported Intel hardware. It also provides advanced capabilities like load balancing across Intel hardware and asynchronous execution. For more information on running the inference, refer to the [YOLO11 notebooks](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/latest/notebooks/yolov11-optimization).
```

At the heart of the Intel® Core Ultra™ architecture is a hybrid design that enables exceptional performance across traditional processing tasks, GPU-accelerated workloads, and AI-driven operations. The inclusion of the NPU enhances on-device AI inference, enabling faster, more efficient machine learning and data processing across a wide range of applications.

The Core Ultra™ family includes various models tailored for different performance needs, with options ranging from energy-efficient designs to high-power variants marked by the "H" designation—ideal for laptops and compact form factors that demand serious computing power. Across the lineup, users benefit from the synergy of CPU, GPU, and NPU integration, delivering remarkable efficiency, responsiveness, and multitasking capabilities.

As part of Intel's ongoing innovation, the Core Ultra™ series sets a new standard for future-ready computing. With multiple models available and more on the horizon, this series underscores Intel's commitment to delivering cutting-edge solutions for the next generation of intelligent, AI-enhanced devices.

> Benchmarks below run on Intel® Ultra™ 7 155H at FP32 and INT8 precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benchmarks below run on Intel® Core™ Ultra™ 7 258V at FP32 and INT8 precision.
```
